Software Developer (Backend SaaS)
Beirut, Beirut Governorate, Lebanon · 5 hours ago · 8 people clicked apply
Responses managed off LinkedIn


Remote

Full-time

Apply

Save
Save Software Developer (Backend SaaS) at Canonical
Software Developer (Backend SaaS)
Canonical · Beirut, Beirut Governorate, Lebanon (Remote)

Apply

Save
Save Software Developer (Backend SaaS) at Canonical
Show more options
Your profile matches some required qualifications


Show match details

Tailor my resume

Help me update my profile

Create cover letter


BETA

Is this information helpful?



Get personalized tips to stand out to hirers
Find jobs where you’re a top applicant and tailor your resume with the help of AI.

Try Premium for LBP0
About the job
Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.

The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.

This is an exciting opportunity for a software engineer passionate about open source software, Linux, Python, and web services at scale. We are building the next generation management solution for Ubuntu in the enterprise - on premise and on the public cloud - to enable large estate observability, telemetry, security, compliance and operations. Build a rewarding, meaningful career working with the best and brightest people in technology at Canonical, a growing international software company.

Landscape is the leading management tool to deploy, monitor and manage fleets of Ubuntu systems, including package and repository management, health and security monitoring, hardware inventory, and automation. As Landscape software engineer you will be responsible for contributing on a distributed development team participating in all facets of the development process.

Location: This role will be based remotely in the Americas region.

What you'll do

Collaborate proactively with a distributed team
Write high-quality code to create new features, fix bugs and modernize the Landscape codebase
Demonstrate your strong commitment to code quality and automated testing
Participate in the engineering process with code and architectural reviews
Take personal ownership of problems and design and deliver solutions
Work remotely with global travel 2 to 4 weeks for internal and external events
Assist with release management during each development cycle
Collaborate with devops for Landscape SaaS, Canonical's hosted Landscape

Who you are

You love technology and working with brilliant people
You are curious, flexible, articulate, and accountable
You value soft skills and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated
You have a Bachelor's or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree
You have proficiency developing public-facing APIs and web applications, preferably using Python.
Experience with Python and web frameworks such as Flask and Django.
Experience with databases, and ORMs (PostgreSQL a plus)
You are comfortable with Ubuntu as a development and deployment platform.

What we offer colleagues

We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognize outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.

Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person
Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Maternity and paternity leave
Team Member Assistance Program & Wellness Platform
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues
Priority Pass and travel upgrades for long-haul company events

About Canonical

Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open-source projects and the platform for AI, IoT, and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence; in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since our inception in 2004. Working here is a step into the future and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.

Canonical is an equal opportunity employer

We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.


